About the job
AXS connects fans with the artists and teams they love. Each year we sell millions of tickets to thousands of incredible events – from concerts and festivals to sports and theater – at some of the most iconic venues in the world. Since our founding in 2011, we’ve consistently pushed the industry forward and improved experiences for fans, making it easier than ever to discover events, find the perfect seats, and enjoy unforgettable live entertainment, and we continue to lead the evolution of our industry today.

We’re passionate about improving the fan experience and providing game-changing solutions for our clients, and we’re always looking for smart, motivated people to help make it happen. Bring your enthusiasm, your big ideas, and your desire to team up with some of the best and brightest in technology and entertainment.

The Role

AXS is seeking an Associate Product Manager conducts research, gathers customer feedback, and analyzes the product landscape to identify business opportunities. This role will collaborate with internal teams, prioritize features for the product roadmap to meet revenue and customer satisfaction goals. This role will also manage multiple projects, support product documentation, and assist sales and marketing with essential product knowledge and technical expertise.

What Will You Do?

Understand the opportunities that the business and fans desire through conducting research and gathering feedback from customers and analyzing product landscape.
Work closely with internal teams (Tech, Sales, Finance, Client Services, Marketing) to identify features for the roadmap by measuring revenue and customer satisfaction goals.
Use product management knowledge and experience to juggle multiple projects with competing priorities.
Prepare product documents and supports sales and marketing with the necessary product knowledge and technical expertise.
Ability to clearly and effectively communicate both verbal and written in order to support internal and external groups in product launches
Ability to understand trends and usage data to be able to inform prioritization

What Will You Bring?

BA/BS Degree (Advanced Degree Preferred) or equivalent experience required; degree in Business, Management Information Systems, Computer Science or related field preferred. 
1-2 years experience in a Product Management role. 
Able to demonstrate the product management discipline when working on projects.
Familiar in building products that scale and meet customer needs.
Solid presentation, written, and verbal communication skills, with an eye for quality and attention to detail.
Knowledge of the product marketing / launch process.
Familiarity with standard development tools such as Jira, Trello, etc.
Strong organizational skills within in a highly demanding environment.
Passionate about Mobile Apps (Android) and Technology

Pay Scale: $81,209.00- $105,000.00

What’s in it for You?

Extraordinary People – we’re not kidding!
Meaningful Mission - Helping revolutionize an industry and deliver better experiences for fans and clients around the world.
Opportunities for learning and leveling up through training and education reimbursement.

More About AXS

AXS, a subsidiary of AEG, sells millions of tickets each year for over 500 premier venues, sports teams, and event organizers across North America, Europe, Asia, Australia and New Zealand. Clients include First Avenue, USGA, Red Rocks Amphitheatre, Crypto.com Arena, Coachella, Stagecoach, The O2, and B.League (Japan).

Headquartered in Downtown Los Angeles, California, AXS employs more than 500 professionals in multiple locations worldwide. In each location you’ll find a team of dedicated, diverse employees (we’ve dubbed ourselves “Fanatix”) who create groundbreaking products and services in a fun, fast-paced environment.

To learn more about our culture and values, visit: https://solutions.axs.com/careers/

More About AEG

For more than 20 years, AEG has played a pivotal role in transforming sports and live entertainment. Annually, we host more than 160 million guests, promote more than 10,000 shows and present more than 22,000 events around the world. We are committed to innovation, artistry, and community, and leverage the power of our 300+ venues, leading sports franchises, marquee music brands, integrated entertainment districts, premier ticketing platform and global sponsorship activations, to create memorable moments that give the world reason to cheer.

Our business is interwoven with the human mind and heart, and we strive to build a diverse and inclusive company that reflects the artists, athletes, and fans that we host; reach beyond traditional boundaries to support the communities in which we operate; and minimize our impact on the environment by adopting sustainable practices throughout our business operations.

We are dedicated to a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you’re excited about this role but can't "check every box" in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be the right candidate for this or other roles.

We’re an equal opportunity employer and never discriminate based on gender, age, race, religion, color, national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

AEG reserves the right to change or modify the employee’s job description whether orally or in writing, at any time during the employment relationship. AEG may require an employee to perform duties outside their normal description.
