About the job
As a FedEx Intern, you will be working on projects gaining you valuable, real-world experience in a professional environment as it relates to your field of study.

This intern will have the unique opportunity to leverage analytical skills to build a performance maturity model or common operating model and devise a plan to measure the success and maturity of the model.

Major of Study Preference: Data Science, Data Analytics, Statistics

Preferred Qualifications

Python 
Understanding of large language models (LLMs) 
Knowledge of agentic AI
Background in Lean

Essential Functions

 Under close supervision, the successful candidate may assist with the following: project management, project planning, process mapping, data analysis, workflow documentation, learning design and development, engineering support (testing and design), and report automation 
 Assist with technology industry research, global business intelligence, and emerging trends analysis. 
 Present and deliver long-term solutions that will have significant impacts to the business and/or customer experience. 
 Perform other duties as assigned. 

Minimum Education

Currently enrolled student or recent college graduate (within 6 months of graduation) at a college/university obtaining a 3.0 GPA or higher.

Degree: Engineering, Analytics, Business, or related analytical discipline.

Minimum Experience

No experience required

Knowledge, Skills And Abilities

Ability to work productively and proactively, both independently and as a part of a team.

Working knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint.

Demonstrates interpersonal communication skills.

Preferred Qualifications: Immigration sponsorship is not available for intern positions.

Pay Transparency: 

Pay:  Salary is $25/hour for undergraduates and $30/hour for graduates. A $2,000 stipend is available for those relocating over 50 miles for an on-site or hybrid internship or co-op experience.

Additional Details:  Availability to work 40 hours/week for a 10-week program, June 8th - August 14th. Resume should include information: email address, telephone number, name of college/university, degree, major, GPA, date of intended graduation (month & year).

Pay Transparency:

The compensation listed reflects the pay range or rate of pay reasonably expected for this posted position at the posted location or locations. If this opportunity includes multiple job levels, the pay information represents the ranges for each level in that job family. Actual pay is determined by several job-related factors permitted by law and relevant to the position, including, but not limited to, experience relative to the job, tenure, market level, pay at the location for this job, performance, schedule, and work assignment. In California, the compensation listed reflects the range or rate of pay reasonably expected for this posted position upon hire.

For details on our comprehensive benefits, click here.

Federal Express Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer including, Vets/Disability.

Reasonable accommodations are available for qualified individuals with disabilities throughout the application process. Applicants who require reasonable accommodations in the application or hiring process should contact recruitmentsupport@fedex.com.

Applicants Have Rights Under Federal Employment Laws:

Know Your Rights
Pay Transparency
Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)
Employee Polygraph Protection Act

E-Verify Program Participant: Federal Express Corporation participates in the Department of Homeland Security U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services’ E-Verify program (For U.S. applicants and employees only). Please click below to learn more about the E-Verify program:

E-Verify Notice (bilingual)
Right to Work Notice (English) / (Spanish)
