About the job
About The Role

This Strategic Partnerships internship will provide an in-depth look at the strategy and execution behind global brand and ambassador partnerships. Working closely with the Manager of Strategic Partnerships, you'll support the identification of potential collaboration and partnership opportunities. The Strategic Partnerships team oversees inbound licensing and celebrity & athlete talent endorsements and collaborations by acquiring and negotiating deals, as well as working collaboratively with cross-functional teams to plan and execute go-to-market campaigns.

What You'll Do

Support the identification and execution of partnership opportunities around our celebrity talent, athletes, brands, and events across various categories such as fashion, sports, gaming, art, etc.
 Support the research and identification of opportunities for gifting and seeding products to new and existing partners
 Assist with packaging send outs, product ordering and organizing gifting for influencers, ambassadors and VIPs
Prepare and present research related to market trends, specific product categories, brands, and celebrities' campaigns, especially in the footwear and fashion space
Help the Strategic Partnerships team remain organized by providing administrative support (e.g. meeting notes, filing, managing calendars, shipments, memos, etc.)
Collaborate internally to strengthen Skechers' relationships with our ambassadors and creative partners

Requirements

Pursuing a bachelor's degree in Entertainment, Communications, Public Relations, Marketing or other related discipline
Anticipated graduation date is Spring 2027
Preferred: 1-2 years' experience in apparel, fashion, sports, entertainment, marketing, or agency/talent management (previous internships or coursework is acceptable)
Genuine and demonstrated interest in fashion, sports, footwear, and fitness

The pay rate for this position is $25/hr.

About Skechers

Skechers, a global Fortune 500® company, develops and markets a diverse range of lifestyle and performance footwear, apparel, and accessories. Serving over 180 countries and territories, Skechers connects customers to products through department and specialty stores, e-commerce and digital stores, and through our more than 5,300 Skechers retail locations.

Equal Employment Opportunity

Skechers is committed to providing a safe, inclusive, and respectful work environment. Skechers provides equal employment opportunities for all employees and applicants for employment without regard race, color, religion, gender, gender identification and expression, national origin, marital status, age, disability, genetic information, military status, sexual orientation, or any other protected characteristic established by local, state or federal law.

Reasonable Accommodation

Applicants for employment who require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job should request appropriate accommodation by emailing benefits@skechers.com.

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each job responsibility satisfactorily. The skills, abilities and physical demands described are representative of those duties that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities, who are otherwise qualified for the job position, to perform the essential functions.
