About the job
Application Deadline: March 24, 2026 

Program Dates: June 1, 8, or 15, 2026 – December 4, 2026

Start and end dates are flexible. Interns must be available to work full-time (40 hours/week) in person at the designated office location.

Our Emerging Talent Programs — including Internships and Trainee roles — provide hands-on opportunities for students and early-career professionals to contribute to the teams behind our film, television, and entertainment experiences.

These paid, seasonal assignments deliver meaningful, high-impact work designed to accelerate your growth. You’ll take on real responsibilities, build practical skills, and gain exposure to the business through structured learning, executive engagement, and networking opportunities.

Our Trainee program is designed for recent graduates or those looking to make a career shift, as well as individuals seeking to deepen their professional development through immersing experiences in the entertainment industry.

Insights, Research & Analytics team works in a consultative manner with Senior Executives and with Content, Strategy, and Marketing Leaders to deliver insights that inspire creative development, content strategy, and marketing for our US TV studio. Our role is to elevate the voice of the consumer and to provide a deep 360 understanding of their needs. The team is looking for a Social Analytics & Insights trainee to support across SPT titles and campaigns, using a varied suite of social analytics tools to monitor and report on social volume and conversation around our series and marketing campaigns.

Responsibilities

Support on regular cadence tracking of trailers/campaigns (i.e., 24-hour, 7-day, etc.) and series (i.e., premiere, finale, etc.) across volume and sentiment
Pull social KPIs to support and inform marketing and PR strategies
Support and manage ad-hoc requests by analyzing a variety of resources (across social, performance, primary, & syndicated sources as needed) then summarizing and communicating key insights
Creation of impactful presentations and deliverables using relevant data visualization and an ability to edit/distill findings
Ensure quality and timeliness of projects and deliverables by managing and coordinating with internal teams and external research vendors
Helping with data enrichment for an internal insights data warehouse
Desk research and searching external databases to help craft reports and ad hoc requests

Qualifications

Passionate about data analytics, television content and an avid viewer across a variety of platforms
Experience with relevant social platforms, especially TikTok, Reddit, YouTube, as well as Twitter/X, Facebook, Instagram, on the analytical/performance tracking side, Solid experience in data visualization (powerpoint)
Experience with social analytics software including Tubular, Talkwalker, QUID, Meltwater, etc.
Familiarity with research tools, including Nielsen ratings or primary research, and/or analytical tools like Tableau a plus
Exceptional organization, time management, and project management skills
Self-starter with passion, energy, and enthusiasm
Confident presence – strong communication skills (verbal, written, listening)
Dedication to delivering the highest quality work, unflagging attention to detail
Collaborative, able to work across a variety of teams and establish strong relationships

Preferred Qualifications

A degree in marketing, data analytics, psychology, social sciences, communications, media, or related fields
Relevant prior internships in the entertainment or gaming industry, degrees obtained, work experience, affiliated clubs and organizations, current major and course of study, expected graduation date, and extracurricular activities that align with the focus area of the traineeship

The anticipated base salary for this position is $22.00/hour. This role may also qualify for comprehensive benefits. The actual base salary offered will depend on a variety of factors, including without limitation, the qualifications of the individual applicant for the position, years of relevant experience, level of education attained, certifications or other professional licenses held, and if applicable, the location of the position.

Sony Pictures Entertainment is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other protected characteristics.

SPE will consider qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records in accordance with applicable law.

To request an accommodation for purposes of participating in the hiring process, you may contact us at SPE_Accommodation_Assistance@spe.sony.com.
