About the job
Responsibilities

About the Team

The commerce industry has seen tremendous growth in recent years and has become a hotly contested space amongst leading Internet companies, and its future growth cannot be underestimated. We aim to bring discovery, inspiration, and joy back to shopping by making TikTok the commerce channel of choice for merchants, creators, and affiliates.

You've seen the virality and impact of #TikTokMadeMeBuyIt. Come join the team that is helping scale that phenomenon, and pioneer Content & Creator commerce in the US. We aim to bring discovery, inspiration, and joy back to shopping by making TikTok the leading, on-trend commerce platform of choice for brands, creators, and shoppers. We are an entrepreneurial team, passionate about shaping the future of shopping.

The TikTok Shop US operation team aims to deliver high quality products together with a unique customer experience via TikTok. The team is responsible for building the TikTok Ecommerce partnership for the TikTok e-commerce business in the US. With more than 1 billion loyal users globally, we believe TikTok is an ideal platform to deliver a brand new and better e-commerce experience to our users. We are looking for passionate and talented people to join us to build an e-commerce ecosystem that is innovative, secure and intuitive for our users together.

We are looking for talented individuals to join us for an internship in 2026. Internships at TikTok aim to offer students industry exposure and hands-on experience. Turn your ambitions into reality as your inspiration brings infinite opportunities at TikTok.

Internships at TikTok aim to provide students with hands-on experience in developing fundamental skills and exploring potential career paths. A vibrant blend of social events and enriching development workshops will be available for you to explore. Here, you will utilize your knowledge in real-world scenarios while laying a strong foundation for personal and professional growth. It runs for 12 weeks.

Candidates can apply to a maximum of two positions and will be considered for jobs in the order you apply. The application limit is applicable to TikTok and its affiliates' jobs globally. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. We encourage you to apply as early as possible. Please state your availability clearly in your resume (Start date, End date).

Summer Start Dates:

 May 11th, 2026
 May 18th, 2026
 May 26th, 2026
 June 8th, 2026
 June 22nd, 2026

Responsibilities:

 Manage a roster of creators or creator agencies, providing end-to-end support on operations in terms of data analysis, business strategy, and internal communications.
 Incubate more creators with e-commerce selling capabilities, uplift creator's gross merchandising value to a substantial scale.
 Generate best practices, learnings and insights for sharing.

Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications

 Currently pursuing an MBA Degree
 Able to commit to working for 12 weeks during Summer Fall 2026
 Good understanding of livestreaming platforms, technologies, and industry trends
 Excellent communication and negotiation skills
 Self-motivated, results-driven, and able to work independently. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills

Preferred Qualifications:

 Majors in economics and management are preferred
 Graduating December 2026 onwards with the intent to return to the degree program after the completion of the internship.

For TikTok

By submitting an application for this role, you accept and agree to our global applicant privacy policy, which may be accessed here: https://careers.tiktok.com/legal/privacy

Job Information

【For Pay Transparency】Compensation Description (Hourly) - Campus Intern

The hourly rate range for this position in the selected city is $38- $38.

Benefits may vary depending on the nature of employment and the country work location. Interns have day one access to health insurance, life insurance, wellbeing benefits and more. Interns also receive 10 paid holidays per year and paid sick time (56 hours if hired in first half of year, 40 if hired in second half of year). Interns who are not working 100% remote may also be eligible for housing allowance.

The Company reserves the right to modify or change these benefits programs at any time, with or without notice.

For Los Angeles County (unincorporated) Candidates:

Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws including the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Our company believes that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship on the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of the conditional offer of employment:

 Interacting and occasionally having unsupervised contact with internal/external clients and/or colleagues;
 Appropriately handling and managing confidential information including proprietary and trade secret information and access to information technology systems; and
 Exercising sound judgment.

About TikTok

TikTok is the leading destination for short-form mobile video. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. TikTok's global headquarters are in Los Angeles and Singapore, and we also have offices in New York City, London, Dublin, Paris, Berlin, Dubai, Jakarta, Seoul, and Tokyo.

Why Join Us

Inspiring creativity is at the core of TikTok's mission. Our innovative product is built to help people authentically express themselves, discover and connect – and our global, diverse teams make that possible. Together, we create value for our communities, inspire creativity and bring joy - a mission we work towards every day.

We strive to do great things with great people. We lead with curiosity, humility, and a desire to make impact in a rapidly growing tech company. Every challenge is an opportunity to learn and innovate as one team. We're resilient and embrace challenges as they come. By constantly iterating and fostering an "Always Day 1" mindset, we achieve meaningful breakthroughs for ourselves, our company, and our users. When we create and grow together, the possibilities are limitless. Join us.

Diversity & Inclusion

TikTok is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.

TikTok Accommodation

TikTok is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our recruitment processes for candidates with disabilities, pregnancy, sincerely held religious beliefs or other reasons protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation, please reach out to us at https://tinyurl.com/RA-request
